=head1 Bio::PCR::*

A library for parsing qPCR data files, written in a Bio::Perl insipred way.

This library does not depend on BioPerl, so it is not required.

An example script, which does most of the work this library can do, is included
in the top level directory as sds2expr.pl.

=head2 Supported Formats

At the moment, this library can only read files produced by the software SDS v2.2.2

It is meant as a replacement or alternative to Bioconductor's HTqPCR module, which
cannot read files from this version of SDS, but is substantially less powerful.

Extensions to read other formats, and to include new features are welcome.

=head2 Usage

Please look at sds2expr.pl for example usage, as well as the documentation in each
of the included modules.

=head2 Included modules

B<NOTE:> The modules are named using the conventions seen in HTqPCR and SDS.

=over

=item B<Bio::PCR::Experiment> - An Experiment object which holds multiple samples.

=item B<Bio::PCR::Sample> - A sample, comprising a number of wells in a PCR plate.

=item B<Bio::PCR::Well> - Describes a single well on a plate.

=item B<Bio::PCR::PCRIO> - THIS MODULE DOES NOT EXIST YET. Meant to be the main
reader for qPCR files.

=item B<Bio::PCR::PCRIO::sds22> - The only file format driver currently written.
This module parses files created by SDS v2.2.2.

=back

=head2 Support/Bugs/Feedback

Please let me know of any bugs or if you would like to contribute (pull
requests welcome). I'd like to develop this software further so that it
can be useful to all.

=cut

